[docs] Add common questions section in Existing React Native apps overview and other related changes (#31654)
expo/expo: docs/pages/bare/overview.mdx

There's so much more to explore, and the links below will help you to explore the options available to you.

## Incremental adoption steps

> There are four steps of incremental adoption to help you get started.

Author: Thanks for expanding this and providing the correct context. I'm going to re-phrase your suggestion for clarity.

### Prerequisites

> Required to use Expo tools:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These first steps are required in order to later adopt Expo tools and services:
```

<BoxLink
  title="Install Expo modules"
  Icon={Rocket02Icon}
  description={
    <>

>       To unlock Expo capabilities, you need to install <CODE>expo</CODE> package in your project in

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      To unlock Expo capabilities, you need to install the <CODE>expo</CODE> package in your project in
```

      your existing React Native project. This guide provides both automated and manual installation
      steps.
    </>
  }
  href="/bare/installing-expo-modules"
/>

<BoxLink
  title="Use Expo CLI"
  Icon={BookOpen02Icon}
  description={
    <>

>       Migration to Expo CLI provides many benefits over <CODE>@react-native-community/cli</CODE>.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      Migration to Expo CLI provides many benefits over <CODE>@react-native-community/cli</CODE>.
```

Reviewer: Better wording isn't coming to me at the moment, but something that emphasizes full compatibility with all Expo features and that it's more-or-less a drop-in replacement for both seems about right.

Author: Updated it to:

```md
Migration to Expo CLI is a drop-in replacement for <CODE>@react-native-community/cli</CODE>.
      It provides full compatibility with all Expo tools and services. This guide explains the
      benefits and provides compilation commands to start your development server after installing
      <CODE>expo</CODE> package.
```

    </>
  }
  Icon={BookOpen02Icon}
  href="/bare/install-dev-builds-in-bare/"
/>

<BoxLink
  title="Write native modules"
  description="Use the Expo Modules API to write native modules using Swift and Kotlin."
  Icon={Lightbulb01Icon}
  href="/modules/overview/"
/>

<BoxLink
  title="Native project upgrade helper"
  Icon={ChevronUpDoubleIcon}
  description="View file-by-file diffs of all the changes you need to make to your native projects to upgrade them to the next Expo SDK and React Native version."
  href="/bare/upgrade/"
/>

### New workflows

Once your app has `expo` package installed, you can submit your app to app stores with a single command or update configure `expo-updates` library to manage remote updates to you app's code:

<BoxLink
  title="App distribution"
  Icon={BuildArtifactIcon}
  description="Build and submit your app to app stores with a single command."
  href="/distribution/introduction"
/>

<BoxLink
  title="Install expo-updates"
  Icon={BuildArtifactIcon}
  description={
    <>
      Learn how to install and configure <CODE>expo-updates</CODE> to manage remote updates and
      enable PR previews.
    </>
  }
  href="/bare/installing-updates/"
/>

> ### New mindset

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### New mindsets
```

The following helps with your project's long term maintainability, native code maintenance, and easier upgrades:

<BoxLink
  title="Adopt Prebuild"
  Icon={RefreshCw02Icon}
  description="Learn how to simplify maintaining your native projects by generating them on demand from configuration."
  href="/guides/adopting-prebuild/"
/>

<BoxLink
  title="Expo Router"
  Icon={RouterLogo}
  description="Expo Router is a file-based routing library that offers advantages such as organized navigation hierarchy, automatic deep linking support, and more."
  href="/router/introduction/"
/>

## Common questions

<Collapsible summary="How long will it take to adopt Expo in my existing React Native project?">

> Adopting Expo doesn't have to be done in one step. You can start with _quick wins_ and then move to tackle more complex parts. You can also pick and choose which features you want to adopt at the beginning of this process.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Adopting Expo doesn't have to be done in one step. You can start with the _quick wins_ and then move on to more complex parts. You can also pick and choose which features you want to adopt based on what is most helpful for your project.
```

</Collapsible>

> <Collapsible summary="What will I gain from using Expo in my React Native App?">

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<Collapsible summary="What will I gain from using Expo in my React Native app?">
```

> Adopting Expo tools in your existing React Native app will help you maintain long-term maintenance support, easier native upgrades, and a better developer experience.

Reviewer: Would like something here that's brief but more specific. I think adopting wording along the lines of our front-page copy about build, test, deploy, might be good, or something about filling in the blanks with a framework. I'm working on some related verbiage and may have a more concrete suggestion soon.

Reviewer: though I guess frameworks are covered below

Author: Yes, the framework is covered in `Why did React Native recommend using Expo?`.
I'll wait for your suggestion.

Reviewer: Maybe... `Adopting Expo tools into your existing React Native app can help you develop faster with the Expo SDK [link], streamline native code maintenance and upgrades [link to CNG], deploy faster with EAS Update [link], and more.`

</Collapsible>

<Collapsible summary="Who uses Expo?">

Expo is used by top companies worldwide that serve millions of end users. For more information, see our [Expo showcase](https://expo.dev/customers).

</Collapsible>

<Collapsible summary="What impact will adopting Expo have on my app's size?">

The `expo` package has a small footprint since it only includes a minimal set of modules required in every app with autolinking infrastructure and other Expo SDK libraries that are built-in.

> Including `expo` package in your app adds 1 MB to the final size of apps on app stores. This package has a marginal cost. For example, on Android, it only adds 150 Kib and the rest of the size comes from the language runtime (Kotlin).

Reviewer: I think we have an FYI page about this we could link to

Author: Happy to link but I'm not sure which one. There are multiple pages:
- Android APK specific one (although it doesn't target production apps): https://github.com/expo/fyi/blob/main/android-app-size.md
- Manage app size/prebuild: https://github.com/expo/fyi/blob/main/managed-app-size.md

Author: Maybe this is the benchmark (since it was updated 3 months ago):

![CleanShot 2024-10-05 at 01 42 03@2x](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/b768a8dc-79bc-43d0-80e7-caeb2d01dd88)

Reviewer: Pretty brief, but this is probably the link of record at the moment: https://docs.expo.dev/faq/#what-is-the-minimal-size-of-a-hello-world-expo-app

Author: Since the new guide on App size is now published, I'll adjust the above context and include the link.

Expo solves these problems by providing a set of primitives and helping you (the developer) to focus on building your app. It also offers tools to iterate faster in development. For more information, see [Why React Native recommends using a framework](https://reactnative.dev/blog/2024/06/25/use-a-framework-to-build-react-native-apps).

</Collapsible>

<Collapsible summary="Do I have to get rid of my native projects to use Expo?">

By default, Expo projects created with `create-expo-app` use [Continuous Native Generation (CNG)](/workflow/continuous-native-generation/) and do not contain android and ios native directories. If you incrementally adopt Expo in your existing React Native app, you don't have to remove these directories. You can continue with `npx expo run:[android|ios]` as alternates to commands offered by `@react-native-community/cli` to compile your app locally and keep the configuration of your native projects.

</Collapsible>

<Collapsible summary="I use CodePush. Can I continue using it with Expo?">

> CodePush will retire in March 2025 and is incompatible with React Native's New Architecture. Instead, we recommend using the `expo-updates` library to manage remote updates to your app's code.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
CodePush will be retired in March 2025 and is incompatible with React Native's New Architecture, so, in the long run, we recommend switching to EAS Update to manage remote updates to your app's code. However, you can start using Expo tools in your CodePush-enabled app today, including the Expo SDK, Expo CLI, EAS Build, and more.
```

</Collapsible>

<Collapsible summary="Do I have to build with EAS?">

[Expo Application Services (EAS)](/eas/) are deeply integrated cloud services for Expo and React Native apps that provide tools to build, test, and deploy your app.

Although we recommend using EAS for a smooth collaboration with your teammates and fast distribution, you can compile your app locally, on your CI, or any other way you prefer.

</Collapsible>

<Collapsible summary="Can I install third-party native libraries in my code?">

> Yes, you can install and use third-party libraries that require native projects (**android** and **ios**) configuration with [development builds](/workflow/overview/#development-builds). See [Using Third-Party libraries](/workflow/using-libraries/#third-party-libraries) for more information.

Reviewer: maybe also name-drop config plugins here. They make basically every library compatible.

Author: Done.

Including `expo` package in your app adds 1 MB to the final size of apps on app stores. This package has a marginal cost. For example, on Android, it only adds 150 Kib and the rest of the size comes from the language runtime (Kotlin).

</Collapsible>

<Collapsible summary="Why did React Native recommend using Expo?">

Most React Native developers solve common problems when building an app, such as implementing navigation, accessing Native APIs, upgrading to new versions, and more. This requires using a specific set of tools and libraries to build and maintain your app &mdash; which means you are creating your own framework.

Expo solves these problems by providing a set of primitives and helping you (the developer) to focus on building your app. It also offers tools to iterate faster in development. For more information, see [Why React Native recommends using a framework](https://reactnative.dev/blog/2024/06/25/use-a-framework-to-build-react-native-apps).

</Collapsible>

<Collapsible summary="Do I have to get rid of my native projects to use Expo?">

> By default, Expo projects created with `create-expo-app` use [Continuous Native Generation (CNG)](/workflow/continuous-native-generation/) and do not contain android and ios native directories. If you incrementally adopt Expo in your existing React Native app, you don't have to remove these directories. You can continue with `npx expo run:[android|ios]` as alternates to commands offered by `@react-native-community/cli` to compile your app locally and keep the configuration of your native projects.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, Expo projects created with `create-expo-app` use [Continuous Native Generation (CNG)](/workflow/continuous-native-generation/) and do not contain android and ios native directories. If you incrementally adopt Expo in your existing React Native app, you don't have to remove these directories. You can use `npx expo run:[android|ios]` as an alternative to commands offered by `@react-native-community/cli` to compile your app locally and keep the configuration of your native projects.
```
Slightly fast-and-loose with pluralization rules, but I think reads out loud a little cleaner
